[Music]
got a dirty mouth
welcome to zombie land it's like a
greatest hits collection of nightmares
[Music]
you gotta enjoy the little things I'm
not easy to get along with and I'm
searching you're a bit of a war we're
actually one of the few non zombies left
because we always play it safe we get
taken hostage by twelve-year-old little
girls mature way faster than boys my
sister and I are gonna do whatever it
takes to survive cried like that since
Titanic my mother always told me someday
you'll be good soon I don't think she
could guess that something would be
zombie killed
[Applause]
time to nut up or shut up
I love this song
how about we put the quiet game I've
actually been meaning to ask you we
never play the quiet game
[Music]
your sister she's single right
[Applause]
you ever read that book she's just not
that into you
what you doing Zombieland
you guys want some peer oh yes yeah
[Applause]
[Music]